# JavaScriptAssignment_UIForRestaurants

The assignment required creating browsable UI of the restaurants from San Jose, CA, using only JavaScript, HTML and CSS. All necessary data about restaurants are collected using Yelp API.

 My solution to this task is as follows. Inside HTML document 2 sections are created. First section contains buttons with restaurants category name (steakhouses, japanese, burgers,...). All button elements are set in horizontal line using grid display property on their parent element, and scroll bar is added which allows us to scroll button elements horizontally left and right. With fetch and async/await function I have collected data about restaurants from Yelp API and then called another function that extracts all category names (title) and then render button elements on page with all category names. When button with specific category name is clicked all restaurant cars with that category are displayed on the page. I have accomplished that with event delegation setting event listener onclick on parent element of all button elements.
 
Second section in HTML shows cards that describe restaurants and description includes picture, restaurant name, star rating and price. Card also contains button “VIEW” which takes us to the restaurant page on yelp site. Also whole card is clickable and it also takes us to the restaurant page on yelp site. Again using fetch and async/await data about restaurants are collected and used in other function that renders cards on the page. When page is loaded 15 first restaurant cards are loaded. I have created infinite scrolling which loads another 15 restaurant cards when we scroll near the end of last 3 cards. Method for infinite scrolling checks if we are near the end of page (last 3 cards) and then it calls function that loads another 15 restaurant cards. On the bottom of the page there is animation of 3 jumping dots that that indicates 15 new cards are about to load.

Whole assignment web page is responsive for all devices using media queries.
